planner_selector in migration guide (#152)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: configuration/packages/bt-plugins/actions/PlannerSelector.rst

> .. _bt_planner_selector_node:

Reviewer: There's no link to this page anywhere, please add this page to the list https://692-240847415-gh.circle-artifacts.com/0/html/configuration/packages/configuring-bt-xml.html on this page under Action Plugins to have this page then properly linked

Author: This should be already done:
https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation.ros.org/pull/152/commits/3bc2462254a2e33bb2e1ecc959b546d9275edc53

PlannerSelector
==============

> It is used to select the planner that will be used by the planner server. It subscribes to the _planner_selector_ topic to recive command msgs with the name of the planner to be used. It is commonly used before of the ComputePathToPoseAction. The selected_planner output port is passed to planner_id input port of the ComputePathToPoseAction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is used to select the planner that will be used by the planner server. It subscribes to the ``planner_selector`` topic to receive command messages with the name of the planner to be used. It is commonly used before of the ComputePathToPoseAction. The ``selected_planner`` output port is passed to ``planner_id`` input port of the ComputePathToPoseAction. If none is provided on the topic, the ``default_planner`` is used.
```
